Problem: My frontier notation worked when going through linear code but got messed up because the frontier relations don't hold exactly the same when loops come into the picture
- So I added a separate check that add blocks that are loops as part of the dominance frontier
- However this breaks because just because something that is in the dominance frontier versus a spot where control flow merges, aren't exactly the same [ see going-loopy.bril]

Points of confusion:
1. Does the going-loopy bril program work?
    a. How does the dominance relation / everything look for that?
2. What is the fixed point relation for the loop invariant motion? - Is it that having one thing become loop invariant means other things can be made loop invariant?
- Look through the headers and find the one with the smallest dominance set, and then do algorithm
- Reasoning: 
3. How do you convert while into do-while / how do you recognize while in the first place?

Need to add an entry block if there isn't one yet.
A loop can either be part of another loop header, joined with a loop header, or on its own.

A value (we are in SSA!) is loop invariant if either:

Algorithm:
It is defined outside the loop - Check all the blocks that dominate the header. All definitions are loop invariant

It is defined inside the loop, and:
All arguments to the instruction are loop invariant - check that all args are part of loop_invariant_var list
    if they are then add this value to the loop invariance and run the check again
The instruction is deterministic - check instr is in a list of deterministic functions

Important: If a value is defined in a loop, it might have a different value than in another loop

All the nodes in my dominance frontier:
    Not any node that I dominate
    for all the other nodes:
        if they have a predecessor that I dominate, it is added to my dominance frontier


- for any loops that refer to themselves, make sure that you are 
Renaming:
MAKE SURE TO POP THE STACK

------------------------

1. What is the dominance relation...what is going on? Look at the two examples on the ipad and actually work through themselves
2. What is wrong with the `pow` bril file?


1. A dominance frontier will add a phi with the correct number of arguments so you don't add things from the dominance frontier



